Previously on "Nashville"...
I was saved by an angel.
She came and sang to me.
You're single again, right?
Actually, yeah, I am.
[ Tone chimes ]
[ Gasping ]
Something happened on the plane.
I just couldn't breath.
He sold it to Google
for $2 billion.
Zach Welles.
Hi.
I am an insane fanboy. Why
aren't you recording anymore?
Because I don't have anything
to say.
I'm lost.
So you wanna rent a car
and you wanna drive back
by yourself.
It's good to see you two
back together again.
[ Train whistle blows
in distance ]
[ Inhales deeply ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
[ Sighs ] Is that her?
Is that who?
You know who.
I don't know.
I haven't looked.
Then why
don't you look then?
'Cause I don't wanna move.
[ Mutters ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Okay.
[ Groaning ]
Yep, that's her.
There you go.
W-which her?
Oh, "Which her"? Autumn.
Unless there's some other "her"
that we could be talkin' about.
And by the way, you are free
to rejoin her tour
whenever you want.
Scarlett, stop.
Don't you tell me to stop.
You tell her to stop.
Well look, I'm --
I'm not texting her. See?
You said not communicating
with her would send a message
that I'm not communicating
with her.
Well, maybe that approach is
a little too subtle.
[ Sighs ]
Why are you mad at me?
I'm not.
I just...I...
[ sighs ].
Scarlett...
I love you, and you love me,
too, don't you?
Yeah. Doesn't mean
I'm happy about it.
Well, I'm happy about it.
You are, too.
Just stop worrying, okay?
I'm trying to, but I don't know
what this is.
A-are we a thing?
What are we? What's going on?
[ Chuckles ] Yeah, we are.
We're a thing.
Now let's just leave the past
in the past
and get back into bed.
Come on.
[ Sighs ]
Mmm. [ Kisses ]
There. That's better.
♪♪
[ Singsongy ] Hello?
Anybody home?
Hey, baby.
[ Laughs ]
Surprise!
I wasn't expecting you
till tomorrow.
[ Laughs ] Mmm.
Mmm.
I drove straight through.
Suddenly, I just had to be home.
Here you are.
Mm-hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
Where is everybody?
Well, we didn't expect you,
so Daphne's spending the night
at Annika's,
and Maddie's at the Ryman
with Carli.
It's just a one-man
welcoming committee here.
Just the man
I wanted to see.
[ Lily & Madeleine's "Hourglass"
playing ]
Kevin:
I swear, I said nothing.
I read it online.
Happy birthday, Mr. Lexington.
With our compliments.
Thank you.
Everybody's lookin' at you.
You better
blow that thing out.
♪ Please don't rush ♪
Oh, wow.
I think that's Jakob Fine.
Who?
Hi.
I don't wanna interrupt
your celebration, but, uh,
I had to shake your hand.
I'm a big fan.
Thank you. [ Chuckles ]
I'm Jakob. Uh, this is
my friend Preston.
Oh. Pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
I, uh, saw what you said
to that witch Cynthia Davis.
It took a lot of guts
to take her on like that.
Oh, well, I was just --
In truth, I don't listen
to country music much,
but after I saw that,
I bought your record.
And I think you're great.
Oh. Thank you.
Hi. Kevin Bicks.
Hi. Anyway, listen,
if you ever need clothes,
I'd love to help you out.
Not that you need it,
but, uh...
you know, if.
Thank you.
In fact, I'm here doing
a trunk show.
You should swing by.
It's at a private home, so...
If you got time.
Sure. Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
[ Blows air ]
There.
I made a wish for you.
I hope it comes true.
♪ Out my window,
there's so many places to go ♪
[ Chuckles ]
Who the hell was that?
Just top menswear designer
in the country.
And a world-class flirt.
I wonder
what he wished for.
Doesn't matter.
I already got
what I wished for.
Aw.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ This is my hourglass ♪
Oh, it feels so good
to get into our bed.
Yeah. It's a whole lot better
with you in it.
I'll tell you that much.
Mmm. This is good.
I missed you so much.
Mmm, I missed you
so much, too.
What'd you find out there?
Nature.
Canyons.
[ Inhales deeply ] Desert.
You know how it is when you
take a drive like that
and everything that's
not important just falls away.
Sounds like
just what you needed.
I thought about you a lot.
You did?
Mm.
How much I love you.
How much our lives are
so completely connected.
[ Inhales deeply ]
[ Chuckles ]
Came up with
a pretty big idea.
Wanna hear it?
[ Chuckles ] I don't know.
[ Laughs ]
I want us
to write our story,
together.
Will you do that with me?
What, like a book?
No, not like a book.
[ Laughs ]
[ Laughs ] I don't know.
A record.
Oh!
You know,
like a concept album.
But not like anything
we've ever done before.
It would be
just the two of us,
writing everything,
singing everything.
Just laid bare, you know?
Wow.
[ Whispers ] I know.
Be amazing.
Yeah.
[ Whispers indistinctly ]
What do you think?
I think it's...
big to even think about it.
It is. It's big.
It's huge.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughing ]
Was I asleep?
Yeah.
[ Laughing ]
I'm sorry.
[ Kisses ] That's okay.
I'm a little exhausted.
Yeah, I think so.
I'm sorry, babe.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait, come here.
No, we're gonna take this
up again in the morning, okay?
No.
Yes.
It's okay. You just
go to sleep, all right?
No.
Honey, I can --
No. Hey, shh.
Mm. [ Chuckles ]
[ Kisses ]
Just dream big.
Mm.
♪♪
Yeah, whenever I drive through
Monument Valley,
it's just a reset, you know?
Have y'all ever been there?
Gunnar and Scarlett: No.
Oh, it's so beautiful.
It sounds so cool.
When I grow up, I wanna be you.
[ Laughs ]
Well, while I was out there
on the road,
I got to listen
to your record a lot,
and I was very inspired.
Bucky: So let's talk about
where we're headed.
We are trying to find
you guys another tour.
Of course, we're still
working radio --
I have a visit with Shawn Parr
this week.
He loves you guys.
He loves the record.
But I'll be honest with you,
it's pretty rough out there
right now.
I'll tell you what, on my trip,
I got a lot clarity about
a lot of things.
And one of those things
is that what we have here
is a beautiful album.
And I wanna release
another single right away.
I mean, I wanna get
eyes and ears on you.
Cool. Uh, what -- what song
do you think it should be?
I think "All of Me." I mean,
that song's so beautiful.
It's so passionate.
Really?
You don't like it?
N-no, I like it. I just...
You think it's passionate?
Oh, my gosh, yes.
And it's so you two.
It's really good.
I think you can debut it
on Shawn Parr's show.
Sure.
He'll love it.
That sounds good.
Good. You cool?
Yeah.
[ Cheering ]
♪ It's a pedal down
to race the train ♪
♪ Chasing down a hurricane ♪
♪ A bullet in
a spinning revolver ♪
♪♪
[ Cheering ]
Yeah! Whoo!
♪ It's a pedal down
to race the train ♪
♪ Chasing down a hurricane ♪
♪ A bullet in
a spinning revolver ♪
♪♪
[ Cheering ]
We love you!
[ Whistles, applause ]
Gunnar: ♪ Just one look
and I can barely breathe ♪
♪ I feel your golden eyes
burning right through me ♪
[ Song stops, song starts ]
♪ Just one look
and I can barely breathe ♪
♪ I feel your golden ey-- ♪
[ Taps key ]
♪ Barely breathe ♪
♪ I feel your golden eyes -- ♪
[ Taps key ]
♪ ...feel your golden eyes ♪
♪ Burning right through me ♪
[ Taps key, song stops ]
Hey, you gonna go to this?
That?
No, I don't --
I don't think so.
Why? You wanna go?
No. But you should go.
Wouldn't be so bad to have him
as your personal stylist.
I don't know. I don't even know
what a trunk show is.
Well, you -- you show up
to a nice house in Belle Meade.
You -- you hand your keys
to the valet, go in,
someone hands you a cocktail,
and you schmooze a little
while you look at clothes,
try a few things on.
And you tell
that outrageous flirt Jakob
that you'd love to take him up
on his offer
to help you out
with your wardrobe.
You don't think that's
a little weird?
Hey, he offered.
And while you're at it,
you might pick up a nice
sport coat for your boyfriend
in a 38 regular.
[ Liquid pours ]
You sure?
It's fine. I trust you.
♪♪
Don't get me wrong, I'd love
for you to make another album.
I-I'd even love for you to make
a duet record.
It's not a duet record.
Okay, conceptual album.
I just think it would be great
if you could lean a little more
toward the commercial side
right now.
You know I love Deacon.
I would prefer it if you could
do this with someone
who could sell
a few more albums on his own.
But everybody loves Deacon.
All right, we just got married.
Doesn't that count for anything?
Rayna, you were the one
who didn't want people thinking
this was a vanity label.
Screw anyone who thinks
it's vanity.
That's not what this is.
Okay.
It's not!
Let's make a distribution deal
with one of our retail partners
or iTunes, I don't know.
Look...
Just find some way
to limit our exposure.
Bucky, nobody knows
what works anymore.
This could be
just what we need.
All I know is I have lost touch
with the things that I love,
with the music, with my life
in a way, you know?
And if I don't take
this risk,
I'm not gonna be an artist
anymore.
Then I guess we're doing it.
Thank you.
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Rings ]
Hello?
Woman:
Hold for Mr. Welles, please.
[ Wagner's "Flight of
the Valkyries" playing ]
Rayna, hi. How are you?
Oh, Zach. Hey. [ Chuckles ]
How are you?
How'd you get my number?
[ Laughs ]
Anyway, I was serious about
what I said about your music.
I am
an honest to God fanboy.
Well, thank you. That's sweet.
But why I'm calling is
I am coming to Nashville
in two weeks,
business and pleasure,
but mostly business.
I had the idiotic notion
that I could do something
in the music business,
and I would love
to hack your cloud about it.
Uh, pick your brain.
I was hoping we could
meet up.
I know you're super busy,
so if it's an imposition,
just say so, and no worries.
No. I mean,
that'd be great. Sure.
[ Engine starts ]
I'd love to sit down and talk
to you about the business,
or whatever's left of it.
[ Chuckles ]
Why don't you just call me
when you get into town?
Awesome.
Well, I won't take up
too much of your time.
My office will be in touch.
So cool.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
Hey.
How'd it go?
[ Sighs ] I had
a frustrating day.
Look, I get what's happening
with Highway 65,
but, you know, Bucky is running
scared about the business.
He's not thinking
outside the box.
It's like he's gone over
to the dark side or something.
Speaking of, then I got a call
from Zach Welles.
He called you?
Yeah, 'cause Zach Welles wants
to come to Nashville
and get into
the country music business.
Oh.
These tech guys destroy
the business,
and then they think they can
come back in and save it.
[ Sighs heavily ]
What?
It -- Nothin', I just...
Are you sure, uh,
a duet album with me
is how you want to spend
your company's money?
It's not a duet album.
Did Bucky call you?
No.
So you just don't wanna do it?
I didn't say that, Rayna,
but at the risk of stating
the obvious,
I'm not exactly a huge draw.
Oh, for heaven sakes.
No, it's okay, all right?
I'm under no illusions.
I know what I am.
I'm a side man.
Honey, I love you very much,
but sometimes you can be
a complete idiot.
There's no disputing that.
This record is not about money.
It is about us.
It is about doing something
important for us.
And -- and I don't want you
to let fear get in the way
of doing something great.
Why do you always gotta
go to that, huh?
I don't "always" do anything.
Just 'cause I don't wanna
do something
doesn't mean it's fear.
It -- sometimes I don't wanna
do something
just 'cause
I don't wanna do it.
So you don't wanna do it?
Maybe I don't.
No.
Why?
'Cause it doesn't feel good.
Rayna, with the exception
of our marriage,
this last year...
it's been one of
the worst years of my life.
I don't much feel like
wading back into it.
And there's no point
in wallowing
and telling the whole world
our troubles again.
Nobody said anything
about wallowing.
Wallowing, yeah.
I mean, you know what I mean.
I've been lower than hell
for a long time and...
I've just started
coming out of that.
Maybe I don't wanna
give that up.
Not right now.
Nobody knows better than you
that some of the best music
comes out of some
of the darkest places.
Yeah, I know.
And I wanna do
something beautiful with you.
But, hey, look,
if you don't wanna do it,
then we won't do it.
All right?
Honestly, just forget it.
Or you could
just think about it.
Why don't you think
about it?
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
I'll think about it.
♪♪
[ Strums chord ]
Hey.
Hey!
I'm just picking up clothes,
doing laundry,
and taking a shower.
Don't mind me.
You're the one
who lives here.
Kind of. My stuff does.
I guess things are going good
between you and Gunnar, huh?
[ Slams bottle ]
Let me rephrase that.
Things going good
between you and Gunnar?
I guess.
There's a certain amount
of waitin' for the other shoe to
drop, if you know what I mean.
I don't follow.
It's nothing. I'm being weird.
You know when you can't enjoy
what you got
'cause you can't stop thinking
about how bad it was
when you didn't have it,
and so you're kind of
bracing for that,
and then you end up screwing up
all of the moments.
That make sense?
Far too much.
Yeah. It's good to see you
writin' again.
Rayna wants to do
another album.
That's great.
With me.
And...what?
And I think she needs to get
someone bigger,
like a McGraw or a Stapleton
or someone that people know
and care about.
At this point, Luke Wheeler'd be
a better choice than my ass.
You know, I really love you,
but sometimes you are really...
There seems to be a mounting
consensus to that effect.
The love of your life
wants to make music with you.
And she can do it with
whoever she wants,
but she wants to do it
with you.
You know, she can't do it with
anybody she wants to
'cause she wants it to be
about us.
She wants to do a concept album
about our relationship.
That sounds amazin'.
Well, great. Why don't you see
if she'll do one with you,
all about your relationship?
That'd be real --
Are you gonna give up
songwritin'?
No, Scarlett. No. Why?
What the hell else
are you gonna write about?
Bunnies and daisies and crap?
Beer?
You're the one who's always
tellin' me the pain is the gift.
Yeah, well, let me clarify it.
Your pain is your gift.
My pain is just painful.
I'm thinkin' about it.
Yeah, you do that.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Come on, baby. No?
Yummy. Huh?
You should do the airplane
thing. That usually works.
What?
You know, the airplane.
[ Imitates airplane engine ]
Comin' in for a...landing.
You know what? You just do it.
I'm useless.
[ Sighs ] I'm sorry, Juliette.
I wasn't thinking.
You're not useless.
Well, I might as well be.
How am I supposed to raise
a daughter like this?
Well, not by yourself.
I mean, you have me.
Yeah, I have you for now.
How long are you gonna
wanna take care
of a cripple and a baby?
Why you doin' this?
Never mind.
[ Inhales deeply ]
Look, I wanna see
the woman who found me.
I want to find her
and say thank you.
You wanna go look for her?
No. I want you
to look for her.
You saw her.
You can ask around.
I can't go out. I can't...
let people see me like this.
What are you talkin' about?
Look at me.
I'm not letting anyone
see me like this.
Juliette. Hey, calm down.
Juliette, listen to me.
You're beautiful, okay?
And you're alive.
You survived.
That's all that matters.
It doesn't matter what
people think.
I mean, if anything,
they'll think you're brave.
Oh, my God. Forget it.
I'll do it.
Daphne's down for the count.
She's turning into
a teenager for real.
Yeah. Well, it was bound
to happen.
We should enjoy our last
few moments of sanity, you know?
Before she turns.
[ Inhales sharply, groans ]
[ Chuckles ]
So any thoughts?
You got a topic in mind?
I mean, you know, you said that
you'd think about it.
Oh. [ Chuckles ]
Yeah. I am.
What are you thinkin'?
I'm thinkin'.
You know, let me figure it out.
Well, what's the thing
that concerns you the most
about all of it?
Well, babe, you know,
talking about something's
talkin' about it.
It's not thinking about it.
That's a whole different thing.
So, you know, would it be
all right if maybe
you do what you said and you
just let me think about it?
Would that be all right?
Of course.
That's okay? Thank you.
I just don't really see
the purpose in not communicating
while you're thinking.
Hmm.
You still thinking about it?
No.
What are you thinkin' about?
[ Laughs ] I'm thinkin' about
how you're bugging me
while I'm tryin' to think.
Well, I'm thinkin' about
how it bugs me
that you are not telling me
what you're thinkin'.
All right, I'll tell you
what I'm thinkin'.
I'm thinkin' that talking about
what I'm thinking about,
it actually prevents me from
thinking about the very thing
I was supposed to be talkin'
about with you.
Well, now, see, I think we're
startin' to get somewhere.
No, we're not.
I win. I win!
[ Laughs ]
Shh!
People tryin' to think here.
I may be back later
to pick up some more stuff.
Or not. I don't know.
[ Sighs ]
How's she doin'?
She's probably doing better
than she thinks she is.
But it's hard, you know?
I mean, not just the pain,
but the not knowing if
it's gonna get any better.
Are you moving back over there
permanently?
[ Zipper closes ]
Yes. [ Sighs ] Or no.
Honestly, I have no idea.
Right now, I'm just taking it
one day at a time.
That's all you can do.
If you need a hand
with anything at all,
Cadence, anything, we're just
a phone call away.
Appreciate it.
See you later. Or -- or not.
Hey, good luck
on Shawn Parr's show.
Love the song.
Must feel nice to have
a love song out there
that's all about you, huh?
Yeah.
[ Sighs ] Love you guys.
Love you.
[ Door closes ]
[ Liquid pouring ]
Who is that song about,
really?
I know it's not about me.
That song?
Mm.
It's not about anybody
in particular.
It's just a song.
It's not about Zoey?
She got golden eyes.
Nobody has golden eyes.
Why you doing this?
I'm -- I'm not. Just forget it.
Don't worry.
It's just a song, okay?
Yeah, it just seems
awfully specific
to be about
nobody in particular.
That's what makes it
such a good song.
I mean, we're songwriters.
We write about universal themes.
It's what we do.
I don't need the job
explained to me.
I just would like to know
who it's about
so I know what
I'm singin' about.
If anything, it's about me.
It's about how I feel
about you.
It's about how I'm always
in the wrong place
with the wrong person,
saying the wrong thing.
And I'm either trying to
move on in my life without you
or start my life with you.
And I don't know from minute
to minute what that's gonna be.
So what do you want?
[ Scoffs ] I wanna know
what's real and what's not.
What's real right now is that
this is driving me crazy.
So I'm gonna go restring
my guitar or...
anything but this.
♪♪
Rayna.
Yeah.
This is Randall St. Clair.
He'll be our new social media
and digital marketing manager.
Oh, yes. You sent all
the e-mails.
[ Chuckles ]
He's very industrious.
Yes. Nice to met you.
Ms. Jaymes,
I'm your biggest fan.
I can't believe I'm getting
to meet you face-to-face.
I'm just so thrilled.
This is the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
Well, you are so sweet.
Welcome.
Okay, let me show you around.
Yeah.
Uh, thank you
for the opportunity.
Hey, Deacon.
Hey, Buck.
Hey!
Hey.
What are you doin' here?
You got a gig?
Yeah, it's this young girl.
Uh, Ashley Will...com...
Willerman. It's Willerman.
Anyway,
Avery is producing it,
and he asked me
to play on it, so...
Who the hell is
Ashley Willerman?
I do not know.
Uh, YouTube phenomenon,
I'm told. Ask the girls.
Sounds like a good gig
for Avery.
But...
Well, I thought you were
thinkin' about our record.
I am thinkin' about
our record.
Well, I just figured
you'd finish thinkin' about it
before you just went off and did
something with somebody else.
I just wanna play a little bit
of guitar here.
You know, I didn't know you
wanted to start on this thing
like right this moment,
right now.
Could you wait until
we finish talking --
I have to say it just kind of
hurts my feelings.
I mean, I came back from
this trip
with all this passion about
you and us and music
and our life together, and I
felt like I found something
I didn't know I'd lost,
and you'd rather go off
and do a record with
old Ashley what's-her-nuggets.
Willerman.
It's just a few weeks.
[ Little Cub's "Loveless"
playing ]
♪ Did we really lose
our hearts? ♪
[ Engine starts ]
♪ Our hearts ♪
♪ Did we really lose
our hearts? ♪
Man: Sir. Champagne?
♪ Our hearts ♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪ But tell me,
when do you tire? ♪
♪ Of being right ♪
Will!
Hey! I'm so glad you came.
Did you get a drink?
I, uh --
Let's get you a drink.
Come with me.
All right.
[ Chuckles ]
This is gonna be great on you.
Ooh. Yeah.
That does look good.
Mm-hmm. [ Chuckles ]
Well, we have to look very hard
to find something
that wouldn't look good
on you.
Well, I don't know about
all that.
Oh. I do.
[ Inhales deeply ]
You're extraordinary.
I-I can't.
Yes, you absolutely can.
And more than that,
you want to.
I -- Yeah, but, um...
I...
I-I can't.
I'm -- I'm seeing someone.
Well,
he doesn't have to know.
Oh, yeah, but I would know.
Look, I'm -- I'm flattered,
but --
[ Sighs ]
But you're just
a good old-fashioned boy.
[ Chuckles ] I get it.
It's, uh, it's very quaint,
actually. It's...
good to know there are still
people like that.
Okay.
Well...
The offer is open, so...
if anything changes,
call me.
And you should definitely
buy that jacket.
[ Pats side ]
♪♪
Gunnar: Scarlett?
What are you doin' up?
Can't sleep.
Why not?
I don't wanna do it.
Which "it"
don't you wanna do?
The song. Don't wanna do it.
[ Exhales deeply ]
Why not?
[ Sighs ]
Scarlett, it's just a song.
You didn't have a problem
when we cut it.
We sang it every night on tour,
and it didn't bother you.
[ Scoffs ]
How would you know?
I'm tellin' you right now
it bothered me.
In fact, I've been bothered
for a little while.
Maybe like ever since
I said "no" to that ring.
It's kind of like
you've been on a mission
to get involved with people
who would be right in my face.
What?
Zoey was my best friend.
And who was that girl?
The sound engineer.
Who was that?
Erin.
Right. And then Autumn.
Whoever it was, you made
damn sure it was someone
I had to deal with every day.
What was that about?
I'm guessing that's rhetorical.
Almost like you were trying
to hurt me.
Were you trying to hurt me,
Gunnar?
Absolutely not.
'Cause it worked!
You got me!
And I'm trying so hard
to get over it,
but singing that song is
makin' it kind of difficult.
And now we're gonna have to
sing it over and over again
for however many months.
And I just wanted you to know
that singin' that song
makes me wanna slap
the livin' hell out of you!
Well, that's just great!
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪♪
[ Floorboard creaks ]
I can hear you out there.
Hi. [ Chuckles ]
What are you doin'?
Doin' what you said.
Trying to write a song.
You are?
You wanted to make an album.
I'm tryin' to come up
with somethin'.
Does that mean you decided
you wanna do it?
Does it really
make any difference?
What?
Rayna, just tell me what
you wanna do.
I'm just tryin' to do
what you want.
Well, honey, that's not
what I want.
Mm?
Where's this comin' from?
You came home and you said
you wanted to make an album,
right?
With me about us.
I said, "I would rather not."
You got pissed.
Is that not the order of events
as I saw it?
You didn't say you'd rather not.
You said you'd think about it.
And instead of
thinking about it,
you decide to go do a record
with somebody else.
Yeah, because what thinking
about it really means
is it means I have a day or two
before I give in to your way.
Right, 'cause there's only
two ways this is gonna go.
I go your way or I live with
disappointing you, again.
Hell of a choice.
[ Sighs ]
Well, I sure did not mean
for that to be the --
Wait, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, wait.
I-I mean...
That was unfair. It's unfair.
I know that.
It's...This is all me.
I'm the luckiest guy
in the world, but...
it's just...
I live in your beautiful house.
You know?
With your beautiful girls.
It's your label.
It's your world, baby.
I'm just livin' in it.
You make all the decisions.
It's not always easy,
you know, for any...
I get that.
I do. I understand that.
That...that's gotta be hard.
I don't know what to do
about that.
There's nothin' you can do.
This is...this is on me.
I own that, you know. I made
a lot of stupid decisions.
We both made a lot
of stupid decisions,
did a lot of stupid things
we can't undo.
But that's all behind us now.
Here we are now.
What do we do now together?
Apparently,
we do it your way.
I...I don't know
what you're talkin' about.
Oh, come on, Rayna.
I'm tryin' to reach out
to you.
Look, I thought you had decided
that we needed to talk about it,
so I'm talkin' about it.
This is talkin' about it,
all right?
That a problem?
I am not going to do this.
[ Scoffs ]
No, I'm not fallin'
into that trap.
[ Sighs ]
So glad we had this talk.
[ Scoffs ]
And nothin' happened.
I mean, I didn't do anything.
Well, I-I don't see
the problem.
[ Sighs ] But there was
a part of me that wanted to.
Really wanted to.
Well, see, that's called normal.
There's no sin in finding
somebody attractive.
And you know how it is
being in the public eye.
People are always
throwing themselves at you.
There's always opportunities.
But you wanna know
the good news?
You didn't act on 'em,
unlike me,
who almost never passed up
an opportunity,
and now Scarlett's
not speaking to me.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Yeah, well...
What I'm wonderin', though,
is should I tell him?
What? No.
Why would you tell me?
I don't wanna hide things.
I mean, I just feel guilty.
[ Blows lips ]
High-class problem.
What?
Look, man, if you want help
screwing up your relationship,
I'm your guy. Otherwise,
what the hell do I know?
[ Plate thuds ]
Want my advice? Stop beating
yourself up over something
you thought about,
but didn't do.
Okay. Sorry, buddy.
[ Coffee pot clatters ]
I don't know
what's gotten into me.
I've never been
a jealous person.
It's like my mind just seizes
on something,
and I-I cannot let it go.
And I'm drivin' him crazy.
We were having
a perfectly wonderful time,
and then I go
to this dark place
that I can't seem
to get myself out. I...
Scarlett, people fight.
That's...
[ Sighs ] They fight over things
that they can change.
Or stuff
they can make better.
But he can't change the past
any more than I can.
Honey, people fight
because they're in pain.
You are in pain still because of
what down 'tween the two of you.
And I'm sure he went through
his own pain himself.
Come on, you get that.
I just don't want
to punish him.
That's the last thing
I wanna do
'cause it's what Mama
would've done. [ Sniffles ]
And you know she had
that mile-wide mean streak.
And frankly, I'm --
I'm scared that I have it, too.
You don't.
All right, you do not. You don't
have to worry about that.
It's kind of like with a dog
or a horse, where you...
Wait. What are you
talkin' about?
You punish them for something
they done in the past.
They don't know.
They just know that you're mean
and unpredictable.
So then when you call 'em,
they won't come.
And when they see you comin',
they run the other direction.
All right, uh, well...
he's not a dog, uh,
or a horse.
He's just a guy, all right,
who I'm sure feels very bad
because he hurt your feelings,
because he loves you.
Like I said, people fight.
They get over it
and they move on.
That's what you gotta do.
Mm-hmm.
Now if he loves you as much
as I think he does,
he'll understand you're not
perfect any more than he is.
And he'll accept that.
So you just go ahead
and you bring him
some carrots
or a bale or hay.
[ Laughing ]
And you apologize.
Neigh.
See you in a bit.
Yeah, you, too.
Bye-bye.
♪♪
Emily: Juliette,
this is Pastor Lewis.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you
for coming out here.
Getting in and out of this car
is an ordeal, so...
Yeah. I'm sure it is.
No need to explain.
You've gone through
quite a lot.
How can I help you today?
The woman who found me
in the field --
She had beautiful
high cheekbones
and her voice
was just so beautiful.
And she prayed with me.
And she goes
to this church.
She does.
I know her very well.
She's a...quiet person.
A lovely person, a bit shy.
She didn't want any attention
from the media.
That's why she didn't
reach out.
Of course. And I don't want to
disrupt her personal life
or her privacy.
I just wanted to thank her.
Well, I could pass that along
to her, if you like.
Could you give me
her number?
I'm sorry. I can't.
But if you like, I can give her
a way to reach you.
Yeah. Emily, will you give him
my cellphone number?
Um...what's her name?
Can you tell me that?
Her name is Hanna Lee.
She goes by Hallie.
Well, could you
tell her that...
[ Voice breaking ]
...that she saved my life?
She saved my life, and I wanna
say "thank you."
I sure will.
And our prayers are with you,
child.
God has a great plan
for you.
He does?
I'm sure of it.
Just ask Him.
I will ask Him.
Good.
Thank you.
♪♪
Hey.
Mm.
I'm over it. Or I'm gettin' --
gettin' there.
Um, I'm sorry I'm so bowed up
about it.
I'm working on it.
Wait a minute.
I'm looking for The Exes.
You guys don't look much
like exes to me.
We have one of my favorite acts
in the world here today --
The Exes, hot off your tour
with Autumn Chase.
So good to see you. Great to
have you in the studio.
Oh, it's always nice
to see you, Shawn.
All right, you're gonna play
your new single.
It's called, "All of Me."
And I know you folks out there
are gonna love it
as much as I do.
Here they are -- The Exes.
♪♪
♪ Your touch, your touch
is everything now ♪
♪ I feel so much,
it's taking me down ♪
Both: ♪ Down ♪
♪ Take me down ♪
♪ We stand so close,
electricity ♪
♪ All of you
fits so perfectly ♪
♪ With me ♪
♪ Take me down ♪
♪ Just one look
and I can barely breathe ♪
♪ I feel your blue eyes
burnin' right through me ♪
♪ So close the door ♪
♪ And throw away the key ♪
♪ Baby, give me all of you ♪
♪ And I will give you
all of me ♪
♪ And I'll pull you close ♪
♪ I know what you need ♪
♪ Baby, give me all of you ♪
♪ And I will give you
all of me ♪
♪ All of me ♪
What do you think?
Pretty good, right?
It looks like
it was made for you.
You know, you really didn't
have to do this.
I was just joking.
Well, I wanted to.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
He didn't pressure you
into it, did he?
Or anything else?
What do you mean?
He came on pretty strong at
the restaurant the other night.
Oh, that?
I-I think he's just
a good salesman.
I-I know it comes with
the territory,
having all these people
wanting to get close to you.
I mean, you're a star,
and -- and you're gonna have
all the attention
and temptation
that goes along with that.
Well, you know,
you can rest easy
'cause I'm...
I mean, you don't have to worry
about that with me.
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Not everybody in your situation
would be mature enough
to make a relationship
a priority.
Well, you know,
with me it is.
I'm not interested
in that other stuff.
And I hope that if you ever
feel differently,
you'll tell me.
You know what I think
we ought to do?
I think...we ought to look
for a place together.
[ Chuckles ]
Like some place we could have
a little studio,
have a yard, maybe get a dog.
[ Laughs ]
I don't know.
What do you say?
Yeah. Sure.
♪♪
Hey, got a second?
Yeah.
Listen...
Our relationship is
the most important thing
in the world to me.
You hear me?
You are the heart and soul
of...
everything.
My creative process,
my life.
I can't imagine doing this
without you.
And the idea that you thought
I was trying to force you
into anything or trap you
in any way,
well, I'm just sorry about that.
I'm so sorry.
I think I just got so excited
out there on the road,
about you and about this journey
that we've been on
for our whole lives,
you know?
What a long, strange trip
it's been.
But I know it's been messy
and sad sometimes
and it's been painful,
but always
with so much love.
And I just thought maybe
we could
make something beautiful
out of that.
And I wasn't thinking about
how painful it might be for you.
So you're not
disappointing me.
I'm disappointed in myself
if I caused you
even an ounce of hurt.
I'm sorry for that.
I want you to be okay.
I want us to be okay.
You done?
Mm-hmm.
♪♪
♪ It's as much your fault
as it is mine ♪
♪ We could point our fingers
all damn night ♪
♪ But you know as well as I do,
we're both crazy ♪
♪ There ain't no one
who can fight like us ♪
♪ Go all 12 rounds,
scream and cuss ♪
♪ Till we don't remember why
we were even angry ♪
♪ It ain't always
black and white ♪
♪ Sometimes you're wrong,
sometimes I'm right ♪
♪ It's all the same
in the end ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
I want you ♪
♪ And I know you want me ♪
♪ And that's all that matters ♪
♪ Ain't it, baby? ♪
♪ I'm never singing ♪
♪ Unless my song is for you ♪
♪ So slam the door
and I'll slam it back ♪
♪ Because who's to blame
won't change the fact ♪
♪ Baby, I love you
and it's as simple as that ♪
[ Songs ends ]
It's, uh...
all I got so far.
[ Clicks tongue ]
[ Voice breaks ]
You're so beautiful. Thank you.
[ Sniffles ]
What made you decide
to do it?
I don't know. I mean...
You're right, that pain
and the passion and all that...
It's valuable,
even if it hurts.
So, uh...
I'm all in on this thing.
I'm along for the ride.
I'm so glad.
I better get myself to work.
All right.
Oh, and you sent me
those beautiful flowers.
You are so good.
[ Chuckles ]
I love you.
I didn't send you any fl--
Bye, babe.
I didn't send you any flowers!
Didn't send any damn flowers.
I should've though.
Rayna:
♪ Oh, what they don't know ♪
♪ Is I'm already gone ♪
♪♪